In the last lecture I've said that we will be working with views in this one.
So let's start with a forum responsible for adding a comment.
So this is the underscore forum blade BHP from their resources views comments.
It is a partial view that we are using inside the posts show blade BHP.
We are basically including it here.
And since we will require this to be used.
Also on the user review we have to convert that to the component.
So basically that's not the only reason we will convert that to the component because it also has to
have a route to which those comments should be sent.
Now it is hardcoded right now to send it to the post comments store.
So it is only for blog posts so we'll have to pass this route somehow and the best way to do that is
in my opinion to create a component and then pass the route to which the comments should be sent using
our components slot.
So let's go ahead and create a new file inside components folder for the views let's call it comment
form blade BHP
and let just copy everything from this original underscore form blade BHP.
And here in this place where we specify the action attribute instead of generating our route we will
just accept a slot which will have to pass to the component.
Let's just call it the route.
So this is required.
It has to be passed now.
Everything else stays the same.
Unless you would also like to be able to modify the label or anything else inside that form.
But we'll keep it simple.
Now there is nothing else on the comments namespace so let's just delete that.
Let's do not leave unnecessary code inside the application.
Then let's open up service provider to register analyse for this component.
So Blade component components comment form and the component would be called comment form
so let's immediately modify the show blade BHP of the posts namespace instead of including this form
and this forum which is a partial template we will add a component.
So comment form and comment
form and we have to pass a slot which is the root will generated the same way as we did in the original
partial form so the roots should be pretty easy to remember because it is posts comments.
Store and there is an attribute called Post which we can pass and generate using post I.D. So let's
check if we have added everything yes.
So this is everything that we need now will also add this form on the view of the user profile.
So let's think where we can add up maybe just under the name
and this time will do.
Users comments store because this is how the root is named for adding comments to our user.
Also the parameter is now user not opposed and since we have the user inside this template we can easily
generate the user I.D. So let's so you can see how simple that is.
Now let's go back to the show blade BHP for the blog post.
What you also see here is this for ELTs directive where we display the comments.
If there are any so we can also convert that to a component because there is no reason to put the exact
same code into basically two templates unless you want them to look differently in some way.
So if you do not and we'll do that we can just convert that to our component and then reuse that in
the show blade BGP for posts and for the users.
So let's go ahead and do that so we will have to create a new file inside components let's call it comment
list blade BHP
now we will just copy this fragment or we can even cut out immediately.
Reformat that.
Now let's see what we need here.
Basically this is iterating over a list of comments.
And it doesn't really have to read those comments from our post.
We can just pass it as a slot.
So if you create a variable inside the comment.
This has to be passed as a slot when you use this component.
Remember about that.
You cannot just get the variable names out of the blue.
So we are assuming that by using this variable which is defined nowhere inside the comment.
This has to be passed to the comment when the cut to the component where the component is being used.
Now you can see that we inside this very component use another component.
So this is pretty nice.
Now what we can also immediately modify here is we can pass the user I.D. So this will create a link
to the user so let's do comment.
User I.D..
Now let's also go to the app service provider and add an alliance for this component so we can use it
simpler.
Now it is a comment list component name is comment uppercase least and let's use that first inside the
show blade page before posts so comment list.
Now we have to parse this slot so comments exact the same name of the slot as the variable that we have
used here
and here we should have access to that post variable comments attribute and just up and comment least
now copy the same part of the code
and paste up to the show blade BHP for the users.
This time we fudged those comments not from post but user but not comments.
Remember that this relationship is comments on so comments would be older comments written by a user
but comments on our comments that are made on the user himself now save the changes.
Now let's see if this still works.
So first we'll check if we haven't broken anything.
So make sure you are authenticated.
Now let's go to the blog post page and we can immediately see the view is broken and we see this and
comment form and comment list printed and this is because I've already used the upper case name for
the comment form and this should be exactly as the comment component name itself.
Sorry.
I've said comment.
Name.
I meant component name.
So this has to be lower case.
So there is that and part and the exact thing as we used for the component name
so here it also has to be and comment least.
Let's also fixed up inside the post so lower case lower case save the changes now refresh
so if you will now try to post the comment.
Let's see if that still works.
You can also check that the route should be properly set.
So we have modified that inside the our component that now seems we are using the component instead
of a partial form.
We are passing our route slot to it.
So let's see if the action is actually what it should be.
So for posts it is laughable.
The test lash posts post i d slash comments so it is proper make sure yours is also how it should be.
Now at least five characters and let's press out comment but you can see nothing is there.
So this means that the cash for the blog post is not properly reset and it should be
so.
This should happen here in the comment model creating event.
Let's see what we are doing.
So we are checking if the commendable type is of this class we are reading the constant class from the
blog post model.
So let's dump that information.
So first we will dump the comment
and then we use D.D..
So dump and die.
We'll actually see what this will print
so apparently we are doing something wrong here.
Now let's try to other comment again by the way I am just showing this to you so you know how we can
debug any potential problems that you might be having when you create applications.
Now what we see here is our new comment model.
So let's see the attributes.
Everything looks fine but let's not is what was added to the commendable type.
So this is up slash blog post and what we have printed here as the up blog post class is actually up
slash up blog post.
So this is incorrect.
What we should have done is we do not need this up prefix because blog post is from the name same namespace
us comment and this classes which are on the same level under namespace.
You do not have to import so I didn't have to add this up prefix before the blog post.
So let's refresh that to see if this is correct now.
Yes it is.
So I can now remove this code and also fix this in this place.
And now this should be reset the cash for the blog posts should be reset and we should see that this
comment was added.
Now you can see how I've tried a couple of times.
So now we see all the comments.
Let's see that again.
This should be working now.
OK let's are the comment.
We can immediately see this new comment and let's now go to the user profile using any of those links.
So for example John Doe so something is also incorrect on the profile page.
So let's see what might be wrong.
So I've put all those components in the wrong place.
They should actually be inside this div which has the class column 8 because otherwise everything is
just broken.
This is just the right side of this one four to four split.
So this is how it should be.
Now it looks correct.
Well more or less because basically we see this comment form you can restart it if you wish differently.
But now let's verify if the link is proper inside the form so the forum method is post.
Action is lot of older test users slash one which happens to be the same as the profile I.D. slash comments.
Well let's see if this works so we will say something.
I like your articles.
John
out comment.
We see our flash message.
And the comment was added to the John Doe so if you will find any of the blog posts by John Doe it's
hard to find now so let's just find him somewhere.
You can visit his profile and then U.S. comments that were added to the John Doe profile so mine.
This is not comments added by John Doe.
You can also for example display them here like any of the user activity.
Instead of just an avatar and user name.
But obviously that's not our focus to make this up beautiful and usable.
We are just trying to learn as much as possible on lava as quickly as possible.